So, we are half of our project.
So, let's make a review, it's a good time
to make a review of what we have so far.
So, let's start with the client side.
So, client side, we have app.js,
so that's our JavaScript
file that actually it's acting
as our connection to the UI.
So, or example, from the HTML, we are
calling app dot something at some point,
app.search, for example,
in our search box.
Then we have one service so
far, it's API.js.
This is the one that is making
the requests to the backend.
So we are centralizing, making requests to
the backend and maybe parsing the response
at this in terms of if it's coming with
an HTTP 200, meaning that it's okay.
Or if there is an error, we are going
to handle that directly in API changes,
we are centralizing that there.
Then we have a couple of components.
So far, we have only one, but
the idea is that we will have
components in the components folder.
Remember, each web component is at
least one class in JavaScript, and
we are creating one JavaScript
file per component, by the way,
that's not mandatory.
In JavaScript, you can just put
all the components in one file and
it will just work.
Server side, we have our main.go,
that in this case is the entry
point of our app and it's also
where we are setting up our server.
So there we are, for example,
connecting to the database,
reading the .m file with
the connection string.
We are setting up everything,
including setting up the handlers.
So we're also creating a logger
that is just a utility that we
have to store in a file every
problem that we may have.
Remember, in the future,
we can replace that,
we can change that with a logger that
connects to a cloud-based service.
That there are many, and different cloud
services that are offering login systems,
or we can use a database.
Also, we have handlers so
far also we have only one.
It's the handler for movies.
In this case,
this is gonna handle the HTTP request.
And this is the one that
is reading the request.
And based on the request and
the route is actually sending something
back to the client, and the handler is not
the one making requests to the database.
The handler for
that is communicating with actually
a model repository that uses a model.
So that's why we have a model or
several models, basically per entity.
So we have users that we
haven't used them so far.
We have movies, we have genre,
and we have actor.
And then, the repository, actually right
now in the data package, are the one
that is actually making the query to
the database and sending the data back.
In the form of a model or a collection
of models and a slice of model,
talking about go vocabulary.
And you're sending that back to a handler
most of the time, and the handler is
sending that back in JSON to the client
that is actually been taken by the API.
And maybe the API is sending
that back to the app to
whoever was asking for that content, okay?
Remember, this is the structure
that we have so far.
The only thing that we are missing,
that we will do in a few minutes,
is the router to actually manage
different routes client side.
But the rest, at least all the pieces
are actually there in our code.